----------Topic 1 : Emmet----------
When you start typing an Emmet abbreviation, you will see the abbreviation displayed in the suggestion list. If you have the suggestion documentation fly-out open, you will see a preview of the expansion as you type. If you are in a stylesheet file, the expanded abbreviation shows up in the suggestion list sorted among the other CSS suggestions.
----- Topic 2 CDN -------
A CDN (Content Delivery Network) is a group of servers spread out over many locations. These servers store duplicate copies of data so that servers can fulfill data requests based on which servers are closest to the respective end-users. CDNs make for fast service less affected by high traffic.

CDNs are used widely for delivering stylesheets and JavaScript files (static assets) of libraries like Bootstrap, jQuery etc. Using CDN for those library files is preferable for a number of reasons:
Serving libraries' static assets over CDN lowers the request burden on an organization's own servers.
Most CDNs have servers all over the globe, so CDN servers may be geographically nearer to your users than your own servers. Geographical distance affects latency proportionally.
CDNs are already configured with proper cache settings. Using a CDN saves further configuration for static assets on your own servers.

---- topic 3 :: Crossorigin ----
The crossorigin attribute sets the mode of the request to an HTTP CORS Request.

Web pages often make requests to load resources on other servers. Here is where CORS comes in.

A cross-origin request is a request for a resource (e.g. style sheets, iframes, images, fonts, or scripts) from another domain.

---- topic 4: async/defer -----
The defer attribute is a boolean attribute.

If the defer attribute is set, it specifies that the script is downloaded in parallel to parsing the page, and executed after the page has finished parsing.

Note: The defer attribute is only for external scripts (should only be used if the src attribute is present).

Note: There are several ways an external script can be executed:

If async is present: The script is downloaded in parallel to parsing the page, and executed as soon as it is available (before parsing completes)
If defer is present (and not async): The script is downloaded in parallel to parsing the page, and executed after the page has finished parsing
If neither async or defer is present: The script is downloaded and executed immediately, blocking parsing until the script is completed
